Reality is the ultimate context.

JUST DO IT.

context is just a collection of variables...
    1. perception of vital IF-THEN relationships,
    2. proper variable(property perception) declaration,
    3. proper function calling,
    4. usage of NOT.
    5. Tao is at play on Tao in a Tao way...(that is why everything is sooo confusing.)
can take the self a loooong way...
IF i can see through it,
THEN it is not fun anymore?

GIVEN
DESIRE
PROPOSITION
IMAGINATION
ACTION
TRANSFORMATION
CONCLUSION
EXCEPTION
EXPECTATION

property
boundary
fix
problem
perception
condition
seeking

conclusions are created using proofs.
a proposition brings with it a need(problem) for proof.

IF my self is oriented the right way;
THEN i wonder "what is so genius, so special about me to have that problem fixed in Reality? it is all just a delusion"... weird Creation.

understanding the WHY is the key.
an ocean of properties...
how to do the perception of why it is the way it is? - good question.
    1. need to see all the things at play with a zoom-in and zoom-out functionality.
    2. creating ways based on conclusions based on what the self gets to see.
    3. being able to undo what i allready did and start again.


perception of what was done right itself is NOT right?
NOT guilty of losing the sight of that_which_is_significant?

"i accounted for each case; how can i possibly be wrong?"

how to get this problem fixed?
    what if that is the case?
    what if this is the case?
    what if these cases are the same in essence?
    what if it is impossible to have such cases?
where was i being wrong about this?
how can i think that without proof?
what is it that i want to be done?
what am i assuming to be true?
what is the hidden proposition here?
what imaginations can i use to test propositions?
why is the proposition true?
what am i missing?
did this change between that1 and that2?
what does it even mean?
what do i think i do not know about that?
can i extract 1 more usefull truth such that it helps me fix the problem?
so what?
it is unknowable to me; but why?
"wait, i was thinking something."
"wait let me revisit that and see if i have grasped it correctly.."
"let me try being clearer..."
"it must be easy only. how hard can it be?"
"i must be missing a certain simple case."
"let me see that which can be known by me!"

draw up certain properties of the ideal fix of the problem.

a property is the relationship a thing has with the underlying-problems-environment in Reality.
an exception is that which does not satisfy a property.
(how to create properties of things at play?
how to get the perception of a property done?
what are various types of properties?)

(INFINITE)properties of problems...remember TAO?
    what i can get done in Reality is a property OF my own self.

improving the memory of profit/loss is not known to me!
with new knowledge of things_at_play comes the awareness of what i can do with it,
with the knowledge of what i can do comes the perception of how to experience profit?
IF in a given problems-environment, a single NOT usefull truth has been done the perception of by the self,
THEN things at play are not known to me, though i like to assume the contrary.

opposites are not allways opposites,
sometimes they are inalienable parts of each other.

IF i let my mind fall in love with the dream of experiencing the finest of experiences;
THEN i become such that i feel good at the idea of the dream coming to be.
IF i come to feel good at the idea of realizing my dream;
THEN i come to desire it to be eventually.
IF i desire it to be;
THEN i desire that innocent beings commit various types of mistakes...

that_which_feels_like_loss is profit,
that_which_feels_like_profit is loss.
knowledge acts like magnet for knowledge of the-right-thing-to-do.


IF the self is capable of doing the perception of "how to get it done?";
THEN it is NOT fun?

IF i need to educate myself about what is very significant to know,
THEN i am allready dead!!!


properties of an "AIM".
    incomplete.
    very specific. not generic.
    hidden. self-evident in what to do.
    new.
    realistic.
    imperfect.
    finite.
    assumes uselessness but is usefull.
    short-lifespan.
    dirty.
    works.(it should work, but sometimes it does not. accidentally undoes the work.)
    tested.
    named.
    1-at-a-time.
